------------------------ Meta-comments --------------------------

We have chosen to organize the work on prob. data flow analysis based 
on how the probabilistic information is incorporated into the analysis
(e.g., probabilities on data, probabilities on control)
and on the nature of approximation in the analysis, 
i.e., underapproximation, overapproximation, or "tight" approximation. 

We plan a separate discussion of how non-deterministic choice is
handled in data flow analysis.

Finally, we plan a brief mention of work that does not fit into 
"basic probabilistic program" category, i.e., programs that use
conditioning.

We would be interested in exposing other dimensions ASAP.  Specifically,
are there different dimensions that might arise due to thinking about 
model checking or symbolic execution?

---------------------- Required Terminology -----------------------

The following terms/concepts should be defined earlier in the paper
since we will need them in this section.

   + probabilistic program
   + concrete domain
   + abstract domain
   + Galois connection
   + fixpoint
   + abstract interpretation/data flow analysis
   + program trace
   + path
   + conditioned distribution
   + Bayesian inference
   + posterior probability

We expect that this will be done in the intro and background section.   With
regards to that section it would be ideal if we could have a compact
explanation of non-probabilistic data flow analyis/abstract interpretation,
model checking, and symbolic execution with the attendant concepts.
That will cover most of the above and then we can have a separate
subsection of the background covering the probabilistic 
concepts/terms/definitions.

--------------------- The Outline ---------------------------------

Probabilistic Data Flow Analysis Outline

We are considering approaches that start from classical abstract domains.
and characterize the probability of properties expressed as subsets
of those domains holding at program points.
  - this is equivalent to reasoning about the probability of assertions
    holding or not (in prob sym exe) or probabilistic universal properties
    (in prob model checking) 

Probabilities on control structure
  - probabilistic information explicitly annotates the control flow
    structure of the program
  - Frequency analysis
  	+ Ramalingam
  	+ See if we can tie this approach to the linear
  	  operators representing transfer functions
  	  which both Monniaux and Di Pierro use

Probabilities on data structure
  - probabilistic information annotates the data structure of the
    program and its influence on control and data is computed through
    the analysis
  - the rest of the approaches permit probabilistic information to
    be defined as either an environment property (i.e., distribution
    given for an input) or in the type of an expression (i.e., rand call) 

Bounding property probabilities
  - Abstract Interpretation
    + Monniaux
  	+ From Above
  	+ From Below

Estimating property probabilities
  - PAI
    + Di Pierro
    + "Tight" in a least-square sense

Treating uncertainty expressed as non-determinism
  - Monniaux can do this 

Expanding the scope of analysis
  - ... to different probabilistic properties 
    - Expectation Invariants
  	+ Chakarov
  	+ Fixed Points
  	+ Martingales
  - ... to more general probabilistic programs
    - Bayesian Inference
  	+ Nori
  	+ Modern Probabilistic Programming Languages

